[DI] Draft frontend plugins testing documentation (#21782)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/cool-fans-wash.md

---
'@backstage/frontend-test-utils': patch
---

> Accepts rendering more than a route in the test app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `createExtensionTester` helper is now able to render more than one route in the test app.
```
